##What is this?
This is a little help document that clarifies what some of the terminology used on the website is and to explain the purpose of the various roles.

#Crehdatin vs. Creh-Datin
Crehdatin is the official name of the website.
Creh-Datin is only used as the "name" of the website(and the discord) because it makes the correct pronunciation of the name much more obvious to new readers.
If you are talking about the website itself, such as on the website itself, it is acceptable to call the website "Crehdatin" or "Creh-Datin".
But, "Crehdatin" is probably more used because it is easier to type.

"crehdatin" is the official name used in the code.

#Subdatin
A subdatin is a specific section of the website. It has its own post listing, so a post posted in subdatin X will not appear, under any circumstances, in subdatin Y.
They are very similiar to an imageboard's(such as 4chan, 8chan, or lainchan) boards or reddit's different subreddits.
Sometimes subdatins will just be referred to as "boards", and this is acceptable, but this is not officially correct.

"subdatin" is the official name used in the code.

###User Positions
User Positions, or user "ranks" or "roles", are specific roles that come with increased power that can be granted to specific users.

##Global Positions
Global positions, or "site-wide positions", are user positions that span the entire site.
You cannot be given a global position that only applies in one particular subdatin, if you have it in one section you have it in all of them.

#Senate
The senate is the highest possible position to have on Crehdatin.
It outranks administrators and is the only position able to add and remove administrators.

"senate" is the official name used in the code.

#Administrator
An Administrator, or "admin" for short, is a user that outranks bureaucrats.
They have control over all other subdatins, but this power is not normally used.
They are also able to moderate on other subdatins and answer reports, but this is not normally used.
An administrator title is given to somebody who programs or otherwise maintains the site.
They should not mess with the affairs of the subdatins, their main priority is maintaining the site by fixing bugs and adding new features.

"administrator" is the official name used in the code.

##Local Positions
Local positions, or "subdatin positions", are user position that only span a single subdatin.
A moderator of subdatin X will show up with an [M] in subdatin X, but will not show up with an [M] tag in subdatin Y if they have no position there.
They only have power where they were given the title.

#Bureaucrat
A Bureaucrat, or "bur" for short, is a user that outranks moderators. It is the highest local position obtainable.
They are tasked with maintaining a subdatin, including the moderators that are a part of it.
They can add or remove moderators and other bureaucrats in their subdatin.
They can also do subdatin wide things like locking all posts and locking all comments.
They can also do things like change the subdatin name, lock particular threads, or sticky particular threads.
They are also tasked with writing the rules for their subdatin and making sure that they are properly followed by not only the users, but also by the moderators of the subdaitn.
They must also settle any disagreements between the mods of their subdatin and keep their subdatin stable.

"bureaucrat" is the offical name used in the code.

#Moderators
A Moderator, or "mod" for short, is a user that is tasks with carrying out the rules supplied to them by the site-wide administration and the bureaucrat(s) of their subdatin.
They will delete offending content, answer reports given to them by the users of their subdatin, settle any user disagreements, help the users of their subdatin,
 and interpret the rules of the subdatin, using the guide of their bureaucrat(s), to answer any questions users may have about them.
 
"moderator" is the official name used in the code.

